smelly cat smelly cat what are they
feeding you that's right we're learning
this week with the famous song smelly
cat by Phoebe on friends every single
week we'd help learners like you to
understand fast speaking natives without
getting lost without missing the jokes
and without subtitles so if that sounds
like something you would like to be able
to do and you sure it's hit that
subscribe button and the red bell down
below so you don't miss a single one of
our new lessons it's smelly cat the
video okay I haven't seen it yet so if
you don't like it well so what not have
you ever made a video
[Music]
smelly cat smelly
Mary gasps smoothy cat is not she go
[Music]
bad smell again
oh my god I know I sound amazing
to the bit you're obviously not the
favorite pet I've never heard myself
sing before
I mean except in my own head this is so
cool now I can hear what you hear
pretty different huh I am sorry but I'm
incredibly talented
[Music]
I'm gonna start off with a little song
called smelly cat Oh for those of you
who are wondering this is my real voice
smelly cat smelly cat what are they
feeding you everybody's ready
[Applause]
won't take you to the dinner obviously
not their favorite pets you may not be a
bed of roses Rachel you're no friend to
those with noses those are the only
lines we have sorry okay it's smelly cat
video check it out when used as Phoebe
did here check something out is a
phrasal verb used to direct somebody's
attention to something example hey check
out this video is so funny more
literally it means to examine or find
out more about something example the he
decided to go and check out a new local
restaurant
Oh check it out Oh check it out
it's smelling cat tomatoes if you don't
like it well so what none of you ever
made a video so what informal expression
used when you don't care about what
another person says or thinks either
because you believe it's not relevant to
you or is unnecessary example my sister
didn't pass the test she took this
morning so what oh my god my shoelace is
coming undone
so what nope depending on the context it
can be seen as a rude way of expressing
indifference if you don't like it have
you ever made a video so much that have
you ever made a video are you enjoying
learning with smelly cats well let us
know and show our channel some support
by hitting that like button down below
[Music]
smoking as a slang expression as said by
Ross it's a way to describe somebody as
sexually attractive usually you're
referring to a woman gorgeous very
attractive or beautiful seven ways to
talk about bad smells this clip gives us
a couple of different manners of
discussing something that has a bad
smell smelly and stinky smelly as you
probably know a smell is a quality that
you can sense or notice with your nose
although the word smell isn't only
associated with bad smells depending on
the context the word itself could carry
a negative connotation if something or
somebody is said to be smelly that means
that it has a strong unpleasant smell
example you should consider cleaning
this place once in a while it's really
smelly in here you can also use the verb
to smell for the same effect example are
you sure this food hasn't gone bad it
smells now you can still give it a
positive connotation if you collocate it
with a positive adjective or make it
clear that you enjoy the smell example
odd the sweet smell of coffee in the
morning one of the best things in life
what are you cooking there I love the
smell stink the stink is similar to
smell bad another use for this verb
which is not seen in the scene is when
we want to informally say that somebody
is terrible at doing something as we
would playfully do in a conversation
with a friend example you just stink at
playing poker man every time we play you
end up losing a lot of money you can
hear both these meanings in the scene
from this other episode from friends
three days on the lake without a shower
plus I fell in that big double bones at
the bait stand what enjoy you can't go
like that you stink
look I don't I fell asleep before I
could take a shower now I don't have
time
they're just ten blocks away if I run
like a make ya run ten blocks that will
help the smell
he's the only one around here with a
shower in his dressing really shower huh
and uh which room might that be the one
with estin on it Tristan
hello what's in there
how you doing no wait you don't
understand see I'm an actor Joey
Tribbiani I'm doing a scene with you
today and what I stink Joey right yeah
every actor one time or another up every
stinks even Laurence Olivier sometimes
thought he stank Bob Redford won't even
watch himself oh no you don't understand
yeah other than smelly or stinky some
other colloquial vocabulary and slang
you can use are gross this can refer to
a bad smell as well as something that
repulses you overall example you're
gross after running you better take a
shower ranked a slang expression used to
talk about disgusting smells example the
she smells rank I'm gonna throw it away
nauseating something that makes you feel
nauseous example I don't have the heart
to tell her that her cooking smells
nauseating stench a very strong bad
smell example that stench seems to be
coming from the trash to smell or stink
to high heaven
a colloquial phrase you can use to
describe a bad smell example the dog
stinks to high heaven I'm gonna give
them a bath practice your English the
best way to remember new vocabulary is
to use it so comment below with an
example using one of these new terms
that you learned and see what other
learner set
[Music]
feeding to feed is to give food to a
person group or animal example the kids
love feeding bread to the Ducks do you
get frustrated when you can't understand
fast speaking natives well you are not
alone that is why we created this free
three-part mini course that will help
you to learn to understand path speaking
natives you can learn more by clicking
up here or down in the description below
to be someone's fault meaning that
someone is responsible for something
negative that happened example this his
fault they were late he couldn't find
his keys let's just agree that it is no
one's fault start off with a little song
called smelly cat start off to start off
is a phrasal verb that means to begin
doing something but that is usually
accompanied with a compliment describing
how you started off example she started
off the meeting with a monthly sales
report he started off great but lost a
few positions after a few minutes I'm
gonna start off with a little song
called smelly cat I'm gonna start off
with a little song called smelly cat for
those of you who are wondering this is
my real voice wondering to wonder is to
be curious about or have the desire to
know something example I wonder what
happened to my classmates after we
graduated should you call your parents
they're probably wondering where you are
right now Oh for those of you who are
wondering
for those of you who are wondering this
is my real voice won't take you to the
vet dinner
[Music]
obviously not their favorite pets take
you to the vet a vet or veterinarian is
a professional qualified to treat
disease or injured animals that is a
doctor for animals pet a pet is a
domestic animal that is kept for
companionship such as a dog or cat a bed
of roses you can probably imagine what
this expression means a bed of roses
such as this one would smell nice right
so if you say that someone or something
is not a bed of roses it means that they
or it's think example the butcher shop
is no better roses no friend to someone
or something someone or something that
does not agree with or treat someone in
a pleasant way the line says that anyone
who can smell that is those with noses
would not see the cat as a friend
example his new car is no friend of the
environment those are the only lines we
have sorry okay Horace the part of a
song that is repeated after each verse
and that delivers the main message of
the lyrics for example
[Music]
Oh
we actually made lessons with both of
these songs you can find them in our
playlist teaching English with songs by
clicking at the top or below in the
description all right before we test
everything that you have learned in this
lesson I wanted to let you know that if
you liked learning a smelly cat you're
absolutely going to love this lesson
that we teach you with the song I'll be
there for you which is the theme song
from friends you can find that by
clicking up here or down in the
description below smelly cat the video
ok I haven't seen it yet so if you don't
like it well so what none of you ever
made a video
[Music]
smoothly
Nellie Cass smoothly cat is not she go
[Music]
bad smell again
cat oh my god I know I sound amazing
take you to the bit you're obviously not
the favorite pet I've never heard myself
sing before I mean except in my own head
this is so cool now I can hear what you
hear
pretty different huh I am sorry but I'm
incredibly talented
[Music]
I'm gonna start off with a little song
called smelly cat Oh for those of you
who are wondering this is my real voice
smelly cat smelly cat what are they
feeding you everybody's ready won't take
you to the vet dinner
[Music]
obviously not their favorite pets you
may not be a bed of roses Rachel you're
no friend to those with noses
those are the only lines we have sorry
okay I hope you understood that whole
scene a lot better the second time
around be sure to hit subscribe so you
can get every one of our newest lessons
also check out that mini course I told
you about and learning with music is
absolutely one of the best ways to
improve your pronunciation and English
vocabulary so check out this playlist of
lessons teaching you with songs in
English also check out this other video
that I think you'll really like now it's
time to go beyond the classroom and live
your English